feat(cli): add JSON schema for settings config (#12817)
Arize-ai/phoenix: js/packages/phoenix-cli/README.md

Delete commands are disabled by default and require `PHOENIX_CLI_DANGEROUSLY_ENABLE_DELETES=true`.

## JSON Schema

The phoenix-cli ships a JSON Schema describing the shape of the profiles config file (the structure any CLI profile entry must follow). Editors that honor the `$schema` key (VS Code, JetBrains, etc.) will surface autocomplete, inline docs, and validation when you wire it up.

Add `$schema` at the top of your profiles JSON:

```json
{
  "$schema": "https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Arize-ai/phoenix/main/js/packages/phoenix-cli/schemas/profile.schema.json",
  "version": 1,
  "profiles": {}
}
```

> The URL above pins to `main` because this is the first release shipping the schema and no tag exists yet — update it to a released tag URL (for example, `https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Arize-ai/phoenix/<tag>/js/packages/phoenix-cli/schemas/profile.schema.json`) once phoenix-cli cuts its next release so your config doesn't drift with `main`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The URL above pins to `main` because this is the first release shipping the schema and no tag exists yet — update it to a released tag URL (for example, `https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Arize-ai/phoenix/main/js/cli-settings.schema.json`) once phoenix-cli cuts its next release so your config doesn't drift with `main`.
```

> Auto-injection of `$schema` on profile write is a deliberate follow-up, not part of this release: it needs a URL-pinning strategy (which tag to reference, how to keep it fresh) before it can land. For now, add the `$schema` key by hand if you want editor support.

Reviewer: not sure we need this in the README
